Act decently.
Or I will tell the doctor.
Do you still have a stomachache?
Yes, I went to the restroom twice.
Sing-sing.
Hi, Man.
My cousin, how are you?
I am an experienced police officer.
To me, this minor injury is
just like having whiteheads.
But he is different.
He never had a chance to work
with a superior like me.
You're not my superior
and you're no longer a police officer.
You've been suspended by the department.
I am just protecting you like a witness.
I was framed.
The truth will come out sooner or later.
When I resume duty, you will regret it.
Stop it, don't argue anymore.
Tell him to have more ambition.
-For example, go undercover.
-All right.
Undercover?
Don't ask him to go undercover again!
I hate undercover cops the most.
Sing-sing, you promised me
you'd never go undercover again.
Yes, but I'd rather go undercover
than protect this scumbag.
With my abilities,
why would I need your protection?
But you were attacked over 30 times
after you got suspended.
-What?
-Come on.
Stop arguing! I will give you some soup.
How do you feel? Any problems?
I have a headache and I feel a bit dizzy.
No wonder you've been refusing
to leave the hospital.
The nurse here is very pretty.
I burned my hand.
Miss, when can I leave the hospital?
Stop looking!
You don't even care that I burned my hand!
Go and rub some medicine on it.
-Stop looking!
-Who's looking?
What are you doing?
-It was dangerous, didn't you see?
-What are you talking about?
-Are you a pervert?
-Stay down!
-Hey, that's enough!
-No, he--
Don't think I'm a pushover.
Try again if you dare!
Be careful!
You're a pervert!
I will remember you!
Control, I am Chow Sing-sing.
Did you call me?
-Yes.
-Good.
I've just destroyed
a notorious group of killers
and arrested the criminals involved.
Come and lock them up.
-Tell him I helped too.
-Officer Lai told you to come now.
I am protecting a witness, I can't leave.
Officer Lai told you to leave everything
and come now.
-Leave everything?
-Yes.
Okay, over.
Hey.
Don't move. Let me pick up the gun first.
Where is Sing-sing?
Everyone, face the wall now!
What happened?
The headquarters called him.
Hey, this test tube is leaking.
Give me a cup instead.
Okay.
I'll take it to the lab now.
What's the situation?
It's a homicide.
Is the victim a man or an animal?
A man.
Why does he have a tail?
Hey, aren't you a chemistry teacher?
Who are you?
I'm Chow Sing-sing, you taught me
chemistry in the first movie.
I don't remember ever teaching chemistry.
I'm the legal medical examiner.
Who are you?
Chow Sing-sing.
-What did you ask me just now?
-Nothing.
You're just here to make trouble.
-Have you seen Officer Lai?
-Which one are you talking about?
That scumbag who claims to be
Dirty Harry Clint Eastwood.
His nickname is Dominant Lai.
You're stepping on
that scumbag's foot now.
Are you hurt?
Is it cool to be stepped on in public?
Yes.
About the homicide...
This homicide is very cruel.
The victim is a rich man
named Million Wong.
His hands were tied to the bed
and he was stabbed with an ice pick.
There was semen left on the bedsheet.
The way he was killed is similar
to a scene in a recent movie.
Why did you ask me
to come here so urgently?
Take a look at this picture first.
Hey, why did you
take my picture in secret?
I hate that.
This is the picture of the victim.
You two look exactly the same.
-But he had a mole.
-How can this be?
What do you want?
I have something good for you.
-I'm sorry, I'll wipe your face.
-Hey.
Where did you get the tissue from?
It was next to the bed.
-The victim used that to wipe himself.
-Wipe what?
What do you think?
It's all right, just treat it as a facial.
Am I right, Officer Lai?
Where is the cup with the victim's semen?
Here it is.
Why is it empty?
Young man,
do you know that it's a serious crime
to destroy evidence?
Unless you obey my instructions,
or you'll be demoted.
Your mission is to pretend to be
Million Wong and go to his home
to keep an eye on his wife, Judy Tong,
and his friend Tailor Lam,
who always took advantage of him.
They are the most likely suspects.
You want me to go undercover then?
The actual terms
could be whistleblower, snitch,
outsider, informer, or betrayer.
I'm begging you,
don't make me go undercover.
I promised my girlfriend
I won't go undercover anymore.
Otherwise, I will lose a wife.
Please be merciful.
Please show mercy to me
like you would to Beggar So, sir.
You can refuse to go.
Find someone to get his statement.
An officer intentionally destroyed
important evidence.
You're so fierce.
Are you trying to scare me?
Even if I refuse,
another person would be willing to go.
I'll just do whatever you want.
You're so annoying.
Madonna also begged me eight times
and I didn't give in to her,
let alone to you.
-You mean McDonald's?
-Madonna.
Just do me a favor
and excuse me from this.
No, you must go.
You are too dominant!
Dominant Lai is my nickname,
don't you know?
Damn it, don't be such a bully in life!
I am an expert in Tiger Crane
and I have over ten years of experience
of Shadowless Fist and Skeleton Kick!
Even if I don't move my limbs,
I can kill you with my tongue.
Do you really need me to go?
Well, you must have your reasons
to make me go undercover.
After much consideration,
I'll respect your decision.
-Okay?
-Okay.
Actually, I love the term "whistleblower".
Remember, I didn't force you.
You are silly. We're on the same side.
-How could you say that? Gosh.
-Right?
Do you take me as a friend?
We're colleagues.
Lend me a few hundred thousand
to buy a flat.
I can tell that you're not a loyal friend.
I'll support you no matter what.
Work hard to solve the case.
My future cousin-in-law.
It's nice to see you.
I'll buy you tea,
but lend me 20,000 dollars first.
You've already been suspended.
How dare you borrow money again?
Don't embarrass me.
Can't I report a crime?
I was indecently touched by a woman.
Hold it. Hey.
You said you'd support me
no matter what, right?
Yes, as long as you go on this mission.
Great, I want him to be my assistant.
The fourth seat in the third row.
Do you need to be so scared?
It's none of your business.
Hey. Why are you so late?
I was busy at the station.
What's happening in the movie now?
The woman is with the man on the bed.
She is killing the man with an ice pick.
Hey, I want to tell you something.
What is it?
I quit my job at the school.
I plan to help my mom
with her flower shop.
Well, I hope to get orders
from hotels and restaurants.
-What do you think?
-Good, very good.
-I want to tell you something too.
-What is it?
I will go undercover again
starting tomorrow.
What did you say?
I said I will go undercover again
starting tomorrow.
-Aren't you tired of that?
-I am.
But my boss isn't. I have no choice.
Who will you be this time?
A husband of a woman.
Which woman?
Keep this a secret.
Judy Tong, who always appears
in gossip magazines.
That's all I can tell you.
The rest is confidential.
You don't mind, right?
Do you need to be so scared
or are you taking advantage of me?
I definitely want to take advantage,
Miss Snow White!
Enjoy, I'm leaving.
-Hey.
-Excuse me.
Man.
Hey.
-Where are you going?
-What are you doing?
Where are you going?
Hey.
You promised me
you won't go undercover again.
You're not trustworthy!
You silly girl.
This is an order, I can't help it.
Tomorrow is Lunar New Year's Eve.
You promised to have dinner
-with my family.
-Excuse me.
No, go and piss again.
I just won't be there,
but the food will be as delicious.
-Be good.
-Okay.
You want to be the husband of Judy Tong?
She is androgynous and weird.
Will you sleep with her on the same bed?
I'm going there to work.
I will never do that!
But if I get drunk,
I don't know what will happen.
You're going to sleep with her?
I will date other men in return.
You're unreasonable.
You think I want to do this? It's my job.
-Excuse me.
-No!
-I've already pissed again.
-Go take a dump then.
I don't care.
If you cheat on me,
I will do ten times worse than
what you did.
If you sleep with one woman,
I'll sleep with ten men.
As my girlfriend,
how could you say that to me?
It's not only that.
If you cheat on me,
I'll do what the female lead did.
While you're asleep,
I will tie you to the bed
and stab you to death with an ice pick!
Tie me to the bed? Stop joking.
Caution is the parent of safety.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
-You're done showering?
-Yes.
You should write
the spring greetings first.
-Fine, I'll do it tomorrow.
-No, do it now.
BE PROSPEROUS
HARDSHIP WILL BE OVERCOME
My hand is tired.
Are these fine for now?
You can use your foot then.
Incredible.
You really wrote with your foot.
Of course, don't think I'm dumb.
You're amazing.
Do you love me more and more then?
If you're really so amazing,
eat noodles with your foot then.
What did you say?
Hello.
Hello, is this Mrs. Wong?
I'm calling from the police station.
We found your husband, Million Wong,
in the New Territories.
Really? Where is he now?
In the police station.
Come and pick him up.
Thank you.
Mrs. Wong, someone sent you
some expensive underwear.
Idiot, everyone knows
that I don't wear underwear.
-You can have them.
-Okay.
-I'm going to pick up Mr. Wong now.
-Okay, madam.
Are you Jelly Tong, no...
Are you Judy Tong?
Call me Judy.
Have you found my husband?
Yes, we found him in the New Territories.
He seems to be in a confused state.
We suspect he experienced trauma
to his head.
He doesn't have any money on him.
Maybe he was robbed.
By woman, I suppose.
Don't any of you smoke?
I am sorry, Mrs. Wong.
Smoking is not allowed in this room.
Would you put me in jail then?
No.
But you'll be fined 5,000 dollars.
Here is 10,000 dollars.
I will treat you to a cigarette.
Mrs. Wong, money is not everything
in the world.
It isn't.
But you're doomed if you don't have money.
You're not my husband.
I didn't say I was.
He is obviously your husband.
I'm not acknowledging him.
You fooled around
until you're in a confused state.
Hey, say something.
What could I say?
I don't remember anything.
She is your wife.
No.
I didn't say you were.
You are a couple. You fight and reconcile.
Say nice things to her and you'll be fine.
I won't go home with him.
I came to see if he was dead or not.
I have a faint memory
of having a pretty wife.
Isn't she pretty?
What do you think?
Although she is not pretty,
she really is your wife.
I am sorry, police can't tell lies.
I heard my wife has a nice figure.
Doesn't she have a nice figure?
My wife doesn't wear underwear.
I peeked earlier. She's not wearing one.
I'm just guessing.
You bastard,
you haven't completely gone crazy.
You have a sharp tongue!
I don't know whether to laugh or cry.
Yes, go home and decide
whether to laugh or cry.
Are you telling me what to do?
I've been enduring you.
What kind of attitude is that?
You reported
that your husband went missing.
You give an attitude now that he's found.
Should we take you to Shenzhen?
Did you know we can lock you up
in Shenzhen for a year without a trial?
What are you looking at?
You're rude. Look at me.
How long can he protect you?
In July 1997, I'll arrest him too.
Who are you?
I'm a police officer from China.
You look familiar.
When did you go to China?
I didn't.
You didn't?
You look like a criminal who steals money
from various governments.
Buddy, get me a car.
I want to take them with me,
including her.
Me?
Don't interrupt.
Are you going to cooperate?
You want to destroy peace?
Do you want me to arrest your mother?
Good thing it's my mother, not me.
Are you done? Damn mother.
I'm very sleepy.
Don't be ridiculous, I'm not your mother.
Go home if you feel sleepy.
Come home with me.
-Don't go.
-Let's go.
Hey, where is my gun?
Isn't it good that they left? Let them go.
Bullshit works, young man.
How dare you call me that?
You're already suspended.
If you pose as a cop again,
we'll arrest you.
-Hey, don't be so bad.
-What?
I posed as a Chinese police officer.
-Let them arrest me.
-You--
Stop or I will really apply
to be a Chinese police officer
and cut your mother's pork in 1997.
Good thing my mother is a vegetarian.
-Mr. Wong.
Why are you so amazed? This is your house.
I lost my memory.
So what?
That's not what I mean.
Do you know who she is?
Mom?
Mr. Wong, why did you call me that?
Damn it, Toirepepa is
our Japanese housekeeper.
-What? Toilet paper?
-That's right.
-Right.
-It's a Japanese name.
-Dad.
Dad.
-My dear son.
-Dad.
I missed you so much!
Damn you!
He is the son of the gardener.
-He called me Dad.
-He calls everyone Dad.
-Greet everyone.
-Dad.
-I'm glad you're back.
-Do you know who he is?
-Does he cook curry?
-He is your dad.
What?
-Good boy.
-Dad.
-It's good to see you again.
-Do you know who he is?
-Maybe he's the gardener or something.
-He's your nanny.
What?
-Mr. Wong, do you want to have some milk?
-I'm not thirsty, maybe later.
Do you know who he is?
-Don't tell me he's my brother.
-That's right.
-What?
-You treat him as your brother.
I see.
Call his name
or he will come and bite you.
No way.
-What is his name?
-Use your brain!
Hey. Dolly...
David, Peter, Maria, Rose, Gigo,
Giorgio Armani, Valentino, Balenciaga,
Wong Jing, Ng Man Tat, Gordon Chan!
That dog should be euthanized.
His name is Dolly Law!
-You forgot his name.
-Hey.
I called him Dolly many times.
It's Dolly Law, not Dolly.
You forgot "Law".
That's why he kept chasing after me.
Mr. Wong.
-The vet has arrived.
-Which dog should I draw teeth from?
This way.
Thank you, doctor.
Lower your voice.
Hey.
You always fall asleep
when having a massage.
Why are you so excited today?
I don't know why.
-Hey, do you need to do that?
-Mr. Wong, you love it.
-Really?
-Yes.
Forget it then.
Why are you so interested
in this old picture?
-I lost my memory.
-So what?
I mean,
I was wondering why I was wearing boxers
to take a picture.
That's so strange.
You know, I convinced you for so long
before you wore any underwear.
You refused to wear anything at first.
You wanted to look sexy.
Look at how dissatisfied you look.
I didn't expect him
to be that kind of person.
What?
I don't remember being
that kind of person.
If not for your looks,
I'd suspect that you're an impostor.
An impostor? I told you I lost my memory.
Did I say or do anything
before I went missing?
Who knows what you said or did?
Toirepepa.
-Why are you calling her?
-To prepare your bath.
She's sleeping.
What can I do for you, Mr. Wong?
You always move so quietly.
-Mrs. Wong, he said I move quietly.
-Everybody is the same
in this house.
You're not the only one
who knows how to move quietly.
-You want a beating? Hello?
-Pretending to be dead?
Hello, Officer Lai. I am Judy Tong.
-What can I do for you?
-Speak!
The person you found is not my husband.
Make it thinner.
How do you know that?
He doesn't know anybody.
He thought the gardener's son was his
and he was bitten by our dog.
I asked him to shower and he really did!
He only did it four times a year before.
When we got married, I begged him
for a week and he still wouldn't shower.
We made him shower in the detention center
and he got addicted to it.
Hey, he really is your husband.
Treat him nicely.
Otherwise, I won't let you off easily.
How could you say that?
Are you really Officer Lai?
If I'm not Officer Lai,
then am I Leon Lai?
Go to hell.
That doesn't sound like your voice.
That voice wasn't mine.
You want to be beaten up?
Officer Chan.
Mrs. Wong, what can I do for you?
I don't think my husband is my husband.
I don't understand. Please explain.
Officer Lai found my missing husband.
He looks exactly like my husband.
But when we got home,
I noticed that he is
not my husband at all.
Officer Lai found your husband
who looks exactly like your husband.
But you noticed
that he isn't your husband.
He is not my husband at all.
So you suspect that
your husband's look-alike
is not your husband.
More or less.
Then you should talk to Officer Lai.
I called him,
but there was a fake Officer Lai.
He told me that my look-alike husband
is my husband.
That fake Officer Lai pretended
to be him and told you
that your look-alike husband
is your real husband.
-More or less.
-I have a suggestion.
Go home, take a warm bath,
and drink a glass of hot milk.
See Officer Lai tomorrow morning.
Then you will discover
that your look-alike husband
is your husband again.
So you don't believe or trust me either.
Do you think I am crazy?
More or less.
He really is an impostor.
I am an impostor too.
Actually, I am Andy Lau.
It's 12:30 a.m. on Lunar New Year's Eve.
Gosh, it's 1:00 a.m.
-Happy New Year. Let's be prosperous.
-What are you doing, Officer Chan?
-That's all, bye.
-I'm not done yet.
You are great, my dear classmate.
Happy New Year!
I'll be in trouble because of you.
She is so rich.
Do you know that she can sue us?
But we are upholding justice
and maintaining the law.
Now you're spreading injustice
and ignoring the law!
Why did you poke me so hard? Go to hell.
-What?
-I poked you and you hit me?
I will kill you!
Hey!
Officer Chan, I left my lighter.
Why do you have black eyes?
I don't get enough sleep,
so I have dark circles.
Mrs. Wong, Happy New Year.
I hope your dreams come true.
I wish you luck, prosperity,
success in studies and eternal youth.
Anyway, be happy. Happy New Year.
All of you are crazy!
What noise is that?
What are you doing?
-You made me your assistant.
-Yes.
You told me to protect you
with a gun 24/7, right?
-Yes.
-That's what I'm doing.
I didn't tell you
to cut through people's ceiling, man.
Yes, you didn't.
Go away, you idiot.
I don't need your protection here. Go.
No, I have to watch you closely
and see if you'll cheat on my cousin.
-Mrs. Wong, you're back.
-Yes.
Judy is back, get out of here.
Hey, a fat woman has gone into the room.
What shall I do?
You're back? Where did you go?
I just went out for wonton noodles.
-Wonton noodles? Very good.
-Yes.
In order to finish my mission,
I need to use my power of seduction.
I will flirt with her
and make her tell me the truth.
To find out the truth,
I need to use the power of my charms
in order to expose his real identity.
Judy!
Million!
Sorry, I am tired today.
I am going to sleep in the study room.
Benevolent God,
please give me a strong man in my dream.
Thank you.
He's really strong.
And he's naked.
Thank you, God.
I'm coming!
GOD OF PROSPERITY
Hurry up, arrange the presents properly.
-Mr. and Mrs. Wong are coming down.
-Mr. and Mrs. Wong!
Mr. Wong, may your business thrive,
be prosperous and go smoothly for you.
We wish you good fortune.
Here is your red envelope.
-We wish you prosperity.
-Hey, you should give them some too.
I didn't bring any. Give me some.
Here.
Here is your red envelope.
-Happy New Year.
-Thank you.
-Mr. Wong.
-Good fortune to you.
-Thank you.
-Mr. Wong, what about me?
Hey, you're married, right?
-Right.
-Give it back to me.
Where is yours?
-Mr. Wong, I'm not married.
-You got mine.
Yours is with Mrs. Wong.
They're giving out two per person there!
-I'm rich.
-Happy New Year.
-Officer Lai.
-Hey.
-This is for you.
-Officer Lai.
This is very kind of you.
I should since I'm visiting you.
-Happy New Year, Officer Lai!
-Stop.
We can't be prosperous.
ICAC will investigate us if we do.
-I wish for your promotion then.
-That's better.
Mr. Wong, are you all right?
-His head trauma requires rest.
-Yes.
Take a seat.
-I will get you some cake.
-Okay.
Hey.
So, what have you found?
I tried to seduce her with my body,
but I couldn't get any information.
What if you let someone else try?
-Do you want to die?
-Sei, pour us some tea.
Yes, Mr. Wong.
I even asked a suspended officer
to help you.
If you can't find the real murderer,
then commit seppuku.
I'm afraid I'd be killed before then.
Who dares to be so bold?
Who is that?
She's wearing fur.
It's a woman!
Be careful.
Your girlfriend is bald.
Who are you looking for?
Tailor!
Judy!
Judy, has Million gone crazy?
He doesn't even recognize me.
I remember a little. You're Tailor.
No, you never called me that.
What do you call me? Tell me.
-Tell him.
-Tell me.
-Is it Damn Richie?
-Damn Richie?
Damn Richie, you damn pig!
So it's Damn Pig, not Damn Richie?
No, I am Damn Richie, Damn Pig!
-You are Damn Pig?
-You are Damn Pig.
-Then you are Damn Richie?
-He is Damn Richie!
Yes, she's Damn Richie.
-She's Damn Richie and you're Damn Pig.
-He's Damn Richie, Damn Fool.
-I'm Damn Fool?
-I'm--
All right, let's make it simple.
Just call yourselves Scumbag.
-How can you say that on New Year's?
-What did you say?
Spit and say that again.
-Bull's-eye!
Who is this jerk?
He is Officer Lai,
the one who found Million.
I'm not used to dealing with
low-ranked patrolling officers.
Hey.
My disco is opening tonight.
You two should come earlier.
I've invited a lot of girls.
You love it.
What did you say?
I'm kidding.
Shit, I forgot to visit my dad.
-How is your dad?
-He's at Wo Hop Shek Cemetery.
-You should go.
-I need to go.
-See you tonight.
-Bye.
I won't walk you out.
He was Million's best friend
since they were kids.
He has always coveted Wong's wealth.
He is very suspicious.
Judy.
Do you need to put on a moustache
to come out and have fun?
Can't I do that? You can too.
It's not necessary to court a woman.
It's a waste of time.
If you have money, you'll have women.
I will throw money at her
until she lies down.
Then throw more money to make her love me.
Money is addictive like drugs.
So you have loads of drugs then?
Which movie star are you pursuing lately?
I'm not pursuing any movie stars.
My taste has changed.
Powerful women who have dreams
are more interesting.
-In what way?
-Look.
I scored one yesterday
who owns a floral shop.
What a coincidence, I scored one yesterday
who also owns a floral shop.
The girl I'm dating tomorrow
has a floral shop as well.
By the way, which floral shop is it?
You want to do the same?
Did you get your wife's permission?
Don't look at me, I'm very open.
If Million just wants to have fun,
I'm fine with it.
I'm going to dance.
Stop touching my head.
Hey.
I'm curious.
What is so nice about that florist?
I don't know how to describe it.
Anyway, she got big eyes,
a tall nose, sexy lips,
and a pair of nice tits.
-And--
-All right, what's her name?
Damn, how can I remember
when I've been with so many girls?
Ada? No.
Patty? No.
Cindy? No.
The point is she's great in bed.
We did it from the head
to the foot of the bed then back,
from the bed to the floor,
from the kitchen to the living room,
from the living room to the kitchen.
She is so lascivious!
She's really lascivious.
Another thing,
she said the boyfriend
she's going to dump is a police officer.
Where is she? Introduce her to me now!
Why are you so impatient?
I asked her to come. You'll see her later.
-Really?
-Yes.
Let me touch up my makeup first.
Really?
You're so lascivious!
Baby, give me a kiss.
All right.
You're so lascivious!
What are you doing?
I'm just looking for somebody.
Judy, why don't you introduce me to her?
Judy!
Hey.
Damn Richie! Don't steal my girl.
You're keeping the girl for yourself
and you gave me the elbow.
-That's not going to fly anywhere.
-You have had enough fun!
Judy!
Hey, Man-ching.
Let me introduce you.
She's Cheng Man-ching,
my right-hand man in the company.
-This is Mr. Wong.
-We met before.
-Right.
-The company won't run
-without Man-ching.
-Yes, we won't know what to do.
I won't bother you then.
No, let's chat some more.
-What are you looking at?
-What?
You always look at girls.
What else can I do then?
-Dance with me.
-Hey.
Who are you looking for?
I'm just looking for someone.
-That girl earlier?
-No.
-Are you lying?
Can you focus on dancing with me?
You two are so sweet.
Where were you? That girl was here.
I was going to introduce you to her.
-Where is she now?
-She left!
Next time, if there's a chance, I'll...
-He has a nice hairstyle.
-Yes, I admire it.
Big Nose, come to our party tonight.
Why are you still standing there?
Go and invite more girls.
-Sure.
-What did you say?
Nothing, I just remembered something.
-Come, let's try something new.
-Something new?
Come to our party tonight, Big Nose.
Why are you still standing there?
Can't you smile a little?
Did your dad die?
Come to our party tonight, Big Bust.
It's Big Nose.
Come to our party tonight, Big Nose.
You're included.
Why are you still standing there?
Go and invite more girls.
It's so hard to earn money.
Why did you come into my room?
My mom will be back soon.
Your mom?
I tell her that you're my tutor.
If she finds out, she'll be furious.
She told me not to let boys into my room.
Don't kiss boys and don't just...
do it with them too.
Should I say my lines next?
What are you talking about?
-What? I don't know--
-You don't know?
During camp last time,
you came in the middle of the night
and kissed me.
Okay, I won't kiss you.
I'm going to sleep in the study room.
I just want to know
why you won't kiss me tonight.
Can I sleep in the study room
after kissing you?
Give me a kiss first.
Hey!
That wasn't where you kissed me before!
If not there, where?
Hey, Judy.
Don't be too greedy.
You're so naughty.
Yes, so what?
-Come on.
-What?
I'll die if I must!
Hey, what are you two doing?
Hey, you have a part too.
You two are so bad.
How dare you? I must beat you up.
Hey, don't just hit me.
You should hit her too.
She is the director, I can't hit her.
You two are so bad!
You tricked my daughter
and got her into bed!
You shameless girl!
You have such thick skin.
You embarrass the family.
Don't wash your dirty linens in public.
I'll go ahead.
You bastard, kneel!
You bastard, you want to leave
after taking my daughter's virginity?
That's not right. I don't like virgins.
How could you say that? You are heartless!
-You want to leave just like that?
-I'm done with this!
Go with the script. Do what she's doing.
Look at him, he is absolutely heartless!
I don't care. I'll talk to your dad.
-Get married next month.
-Again?
-You refuse?
-You won't?
Fine, make it quick!
That's good, as quickly as possible!
You two should be good from now on.
-I'm busy, excuse me.
-Go!
-I'm leaving!
-Hurry!
My mom approves of our marriage.
Let's continue.
-What? We're not done?
-Come on!
Hey. Time's up, game over!
You haven't touched me
since we slept in separate rooms.
I've never said a word
about all those women you have.
I want you just for tonight.
Can't I?
How did you turn out this way?
Why?
Stop crying, I'm not like this.
I am a loyal man.
Say that again.
I said I'm a loyal man.
One wife is enough.
Tell me you love me.
I love you.
Again.
Hold me tight.
What are you looking at, man?
I'll look when you're run over by a car.
Turn around. Right now.
Damn you! You are so cocky
to be wearing patterned socks.
What are you doing, man?
I'm just picking up something.
What are you doing?
Sweeping the streets? Come inside.
-I'm just picking up loose change.
-Have some red bean soup.
Why is there not much business today?
That's how it is for newly-opened stores.
No.
I heard quite a few people
came to see you yesterday.
Yes, how do you know?
Where is your mole?
It's there.
-Good stuff.
-Hey...
-The red beans are good.
-Don't you think they're chewy?
-Just one bean.
-Of course, you ate my mole.
Does it taste better
when cooked with a mole?
-You two enjoy yourselves, I'm going out.
-Where are you going?
To deliver flowers to someone's wife.
He's not like you.
You're always absent, poor,
and you don't send flowers. Bye.
-She's right.
-What do you want again?
I came to have red bean soup
and protect you 24/7.
If you don't like it, I'll leave.
Tailor Lam and his friends are coming
to my home to play cards tonight.
I think I can get some clues.
You are wise to seek my help.
I was the team's King of Gamblers.
We'll surely win money tonight.
-What are you looking for?
-Nothing.
How are things?
Everything's normal.
Did you bring money?
Don't you know that I'm Frank Drebin?
Do you have white hair?
I'm a detective
who doesn't pay for anything.
Mr. Wong, where is your mole?
I got it removed.
It's a mole that brings wealth.
Really?
I have too much money. I don't want more.
-What a classic line.
-Really?
That's good, we'll go with the usual.
-What's the usual?
-Gamble in cash.
Well, regarding that...
The maximum credit is 200,000 dollars.
Are those just loose change?
This is everything I have.
Mr. Wong, 10,000 dollars is the base fee.
It's an eight.
A nine can have the first call?
Put in 50,000 dollars.
What do you think?
Add 150,000 dollars.
-We'll get rich with just the base fee.
-Really?
Follow.
Hey, show us the money.
-Where is the change?
-Change?
-Hey, you over there...
-Wait.
I'll go and get the money, sit here.
Honey, give me a few million dollars.
We have always gambled with our own money.
Don't you have 30 million dollars
in cash at home?
I forgot where I put them.
You will remember, you're smart.
-Which one should I discard?
-Well...
This one.
-Really?
-Trust me.
Nine circles.
-I win!
-Me too.
Three wins in one shot.
Damn you!
Where is Officer Lai?
He is having fun inside the CID room.
You bastard! You want to get beaten up?
-I want to discuss something important.
-Can't you see I am beating up someone?
I need two million for gambling.
Two million? Are you kidding?
How dare you counterattack?
You must give me two million
no matter what.
Where do I get two million for you?
Tailor is gambling at my home.
If I have no money, I'll be exposed.
Then we're doomed.
-Hurry!
-Let me go first.
Agree and I'll let you go.
Did you go to the market?
I'm sorry, I misplaced my loose change.
They were in the servant's quarters,
which is in Yuen Long.
Cut the crap, we're waiting for you.
-Deal.
-A pair of eights, your call.
-Really?
-Then I want to show--
-Wait, pretend first.
Nothing special, just 200,000 dollars.
Just 200,000 dollars?
-I'll add 800,000 dollars.
-I will follow you!
Three eights.
All right, show hand.
-What about the newspaper?
-Include it too.
Three eights?
Well, it's not much! Follow!
I quit.
I have three Aces. I don't believe
that you've got four eights.
Don't get so excited when you win.
Don't cry, buddy!
Four eights!
What? I had an eight!
-You mean the game before you left?
-Of course!
But we played many rounds after that.
Why didn't you tell me?
-You didn't ask!
-I...
You're back? Did you win or lose?
You can tell from my head.
You lost everything?
-You said you were the King of Gamblers!
-When did I say that?
I mentioned it.
What should we do now?
Give me one million to win it back.
I will show them my real power
as King of Gamblers.
You want one more million?
I gave you all the bond
and bail money in the station.
We're being asked to return the money.
If you don't give it back,
you'd better leave by boat and escape.
Please lend me money for the ticket.
You...
-Give us one million more
-You idiot!
or we're all doomed.
-Hey.
-What if you lose again?
This is our last resort.
Let's take the risk.
We're just making a living.
Why are you beating us?
Who are you beating up again?
Two racketeers.
You're beating up
such noble professionals?
He cheated someone of two dollars.
Whose two dollars?
-Mine.
-He even cheated a beggar?
-Beat him up!
What?
The archenemy of the God of Gamblers,
Master Hung?
Hello, how are you?
I lost so much money
that I need to run away.
Buddy, ask them not to beat us.
I will teach you how to cheat.
You'll surely win.
Sure, but give me a demo first.
Are you kidding me?
He's not back yet after so long?
We've finished 16 rounds
and he hasn't returned.
What is he doing?
He is back.
Everyone...
-He looks so cool!
-So cool!
You look familiar,
but I don't know
who you're pretending to be.
Take a guess.
I know! The God of Gamblers.
Wrong.
It's David Copperfield.
Deal.
I have three Kings.
I have three Aces.
Straight flush.
Mine is better.
Four Aces.
Five Aces!
What that person taught you really work.
Win as much as you can.
I'll take this opportunity to find out
the truth about Million's death.
One million.
I will follow.
A pair of Aces, my call.
Are you stupid?
The straight flush calls it.
Show hand.
I don't believe you're David Copperfield.
I will follow.
I have 50 cents left.
I'll get five million as credit.
Forget the money.
If you answer my question,
I'll consider that you've followed.
What is your question?
Have you ever thought of killing me?
Answer me.
-I...
-Answer me!
I'm done playing!
Your question is ridiculous.
-Let's go.
-Okay.
We'll take the money if you're done.
You've won the money.
Have you found out the truth?
The truth is...
I only had a four, but that idiot quit.
-Boss, are you all right?
-Are you hurt?
Give me back the money!
We'll return the money.
But we don't need to share
our winnings, right?
Don't you need to pay interest?
Pay him according to the bank's rate.
The interest rate today is cheap,
just 2.75 percent.
Two million divided by 365 days.
It's 25 dollars.
I'll give you 30 dollars. Keep the change.
Give me ten dollars as a tip.
We wouldn't worry if we did this earlier.
Any progress on your investigation?
I noticed that Judy Tong
is becoming really strange.
I think she has a secret.
And Tailor Lam...
Don't just look at the surface.
When I was training in Scotland,
I studied all the extraordinary cases
in the world.
Including Murder on the Orient Express,
Death on the Nile,
Dial M for Murder,
The Hidden Corpse, and many more.
I found an important principle.
What is it?
The most suspicious person
is less likely to be the culprit.
Damn!
I agree! Like in the movies,
the less suspicious person
is more likely the culprit?
You can say that.
Maybe he pretends not to know the victim,
looks ordinary, is not particularly
tall or short, very strong,
has no inclination to violence,
likes to beat up people
and loves money.
He'll cheat people
of even 30 or 40 dollars.
Based on what you said,
the murderer is you.
Guys, arrest him.
Are you crazy?
Are you mad?
It's just a theory.
Going back to the topic at hand,
if you can't get any clues
in Judy Tong's home,
go to the office to check
if Tailor Lam and Million Wong
had any conflicts in business
that may lead to his murder.
You just said the most suspicious one
isn't the culprit.
I'm just saying that.
Why don't you go and investigate?
Let me finish the most
important thing first, okay?
"I'll love you for 360 years"?
Damn it, you're totally
ignoring my existence.
A bitch and a bastard.
I want to kill them!
Where's the knife?
Fuck!
The door!
Sit anywhere you like.
-Thank you for your flowers.
-Patterned socks?
Stop it. You know I have a boyfriend.
Although he is poor, selfish,
stingy and old fashioned...
She's not talking about me.
He's still my boyfriend.
I can't accept you.
Hey, don't.
Don't.
Don't!
I will kill you, bastard!
It's you?
It's you!
Actually, I meant...
I will kill you, bastard!
Don't give her a hard time!
Why are you holding a knife?
-Put it down first.
-Wait, listen to me.
I've followed you for a long time.
It turns out you're here for this bitch!
Me?
Three fingers are pointing at you.
Why are you still asking?
-How dare you try to steal
-I...
-the wife of Million Wong?
-Well...
-I...
-Let me ask you.
Who do you love, her or me?
I was just playing around.
She was just playing around.
You were played, you bitch.
You embarrass your family.
You just want money, right?
Fine, it's just money!
Here.
Here's some money.
What? You got the money.
You still won't leave?
You two...
Fine, I am leaving!
Man. Wait, Man.
This is your home, where are you going?
Yes, this is my home!
You two, scram!
-Scram!
-Man, don't be mad. Listen to me.
What more do you want?
Wait for me downstairs.
Let me teach this bitch a lesson.
Go, what are you doing?
Fine.
I'm seriously warning you!
Never see my wife again.
Or I will beat you up
whenever I see you! Get it?
She's gone. Why are you still acting?
You were so happy to tell me off just now.
That's how acting is.
What do you think
of my performance just now?
Bad.
Are you kidding? I got a prize
for acting in a drama before.
But you were really bad.
I haven't asked you yet.
Why would you let that woman court you?
She is nice
and she always buys flowers from me.
So we shop and have tea whenever I'm free.
Who knew that she was a lesbian?
I didn't expect that it was her.
Hey, she is waiting for you downstairs.
Aren't you going?
Go!
I will accompany you every day
after I solve this case, okay?
I bought you something.
Really? What is it?
Patterned socks.
Burn them.
Mr. Wong, good morning.
Good morning.
Mr. Wong, good morning,
Mrs. Wong is not around.
-I know.
-There's no power in there.
It's fine.
I just want to get a cup of water.
This arrived in the morning.
What's the matter?
Nothing, you may go.
You must have a problem.
I told you already.
It's none of your business anyway.
Go.
ATTENTION
"Attention"?
"Don't use a lighter to read."
What does this mean?
It's brandy.
CALL ME. TAILOR.
Boss.
Hello, Tailor?
How are you?
How did you get my picture?
Through a camera.
I followed you for so long.
But I didn't expect you
to court this one too.
I think the gossip magazines
would be very interested
in such hot pictures.
-Beware of karma.
-I'll surely get my karma,
so I need to save more money
for the future.
If you want those nude pictures back,
come to my office at seven.
What do you want?
Fire station, please.
Tell me, what's the matter?
This is the fire station.
Who is this? Speak.
Are there any raincoats for sale? Thanks.
Buy them at 7-11, you bastard!
Bastard? What's with the attitude?
What's your ID number?
-Don't hang up. Hello?
-Tailor, you are going too far!
You will regret it if you don't come.
That's all. Don't interrupt my exercise.
Mr. Wong, what are you doing?
I told you, I was drinking some water.
You stepped on my supper!
You have to pay me!
Miss, who are you looking for?
I have an appointment with Mr. Tailor.
Please follow me.
Come in.
Please come in.
I am so happy to see you.
Find the files for the first half
of the year. I won't take any calls.
Okay.
Take a seat.
Cut the crap.
How much do you want for the pictures?
Please don't misunderstand.
Even if I am not that rich,
I'm not interested in 100 or 800 million.
Do you think I'm blackmailing you?
All right, name your price.
We're friends.
It's not good to talk about money.
Actually, I want to give you money.
I've checked and confirmed that
your current husband is an impostor.
I can kill him for you and leave no trace.
And I will give you 300 million
for the land in Wan Chai.
Go and rob a bank.
That land is worth two billion.
Yes, I told you I'm not interested
in only 100 million.
Two billion is more like it.
Damn you!
Don't speak foul language.
If you do, it will damage your image
as a pretty lesbian.
You're despicable!
-You...
-What?
Go to the lawyer's office in three days.
Or I will give out your pictures
in Portland Street
and to the gossip magazines.
Hey. What are you looking at?
Why are you sneaking around?
Are you stealing?
No, there is a beautiful naked girl.
I don't trust you.
Come and take a look.
What if you attack me after I look?
Even if you don't come here,
I'll still attack you.
What happened?
I was attacked by a man in a suit.
Hurry, let's chase after him.
Have you seen a man in a suit?
This way.
Thief!
What noise is that?
Was there a noise? I don't think so.
I will break his head if I see him.
Go that way. I will stand guard here.
You...
Pervert! Help!
This way.
I changed jobs!
Why are you still bothering me?
-Arrest him!
-Scram, you bitch!
Give...
Give me back my teeth.
Hey, it's you! This is new.
How is it new?
Guess who killed me?
Who?
Hey, give me some hints.
It's her.
You jerk, you're interrupting. Go away!
You jerk, it's not 1997 yet.
How dare you give me Chinese yuan?
Do you think I am blind?
Die!
You're back.
You're panting. Where did you go?
Let me ask you. Where have you been?
Where have I been?
I've been playing mahjong all night.
-What do you think?
-You were playing mahjong all night?
We've played 16 rounds already.
Is something wrong with your husband?
Of course.
Why are you dressed that way?
Where have you been?
What is this?
It's blood!
Did you kill someone?
What's wrong with you?
We're husband and wife.
Can't I joke with you?
The day after tomorrow
will be our seventh anniversary.
I want to throw a party to celebrate.
Okay?
Gosh, you're still mad.
Let me give you a kiss.
You scared me.
Officer Lai, help yourself.
Do you know Tailor Lam was killed?
I do.
Do you know that I'm going to die soon?
If you can't find the murderer,
you'll die soon too.
I am 90 percent sure who the murderer is.
Who exactly is it?
Don't be anxious.
My seventh sense tells me
that we will get the answer tonight.
The real murderer
will reveal his evil side tonight.
Don't move! Hands on your head!
It's you?
Mr. Wong, I want to tell you something.
I know what to do.
Excuse me, everyone. Please go over there.
Thank you for your cooperation. I'm sorry.
Please go over there.
They left. You may speak now.
I wanted you to leave.
You should have told me earlier.
I have my pride.
Mr. Wong, take care of Judy.
What's up with Judy?
It has nothing to do with her.
Speak clearly.
I don't have a choice but to tell you now.
Actually, she...
What? Be frank, tell me!
Yes, be frank and speak up.
I love this song. Dance with me, come on.
Mr. Wong.
We throw a party every year,
but I am the happiest this year.
How about you?
That's great, as long as you're happy.
Why does it seem like
you're not very happy?
What do you think?
Everyone does things for a reason.
But I think there's karma for everything
that everyone has done.
Then what's the reason
for killing someone?
Tell me, Judy!
Why aren't you talking?
Nothing.
I am thinking that it would be great
if you really were Million Wong.
You know I am an impostor?
I knew the first day I met you.
You haven't answered my question.
Don't make me dislike you.
Million and I weren't happy
in recent years.
The past few days,
you helped me remember
the sweet memory of our love.
We were poor back then.
But our love was true.
But after he got rich,
he fooled around.
And I...
became more and more perverted.
I hate being a woman.
I want to be a man.
A man who can compete with him for women.
But after you came here,
you made me feel like a woman again.
I don't want to know who you are.
I was just wondering...
if you can play your role
wholeheartedly tonight.
Honey.
I want you to be with me tonight.
Okay?
I'll touch up my makeup first.
You didn't finish talking earlier.
Who do you suspect is the murderer?
I suspect it's Judy.
How come?
Actually, I was present
when Tailor was killed.
I followed Judy there.
Although I didn't witness her kill him,
no one else was around.
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
-Tell me.
-I don't know the reason.
Are you kidding me?
Wait, listen to me.
Even if Judy killed someone,
I'm sure she had a reason.
What reason? She murdered someone!
You are a cop.
-Don't really take her as your wife!
-Mr. Wong!
-Long time no see.
-Good morning.
I won't bother you.
Tell me what else you know.
I think she'll kill again.
What?
Kill those who know her secret.
-Good thing I don't know it.
-Now you do.
I know it too.
Another person knows. Ms. Cheng!
Go and inform her.
I will set up traps to arrest her.
Go!
It's me.
-You scared me.
-Don't be like this.
I have the most wonderful idea.
With this human skin mask,
the murderer will faint once he sees me.
Then I will arrest him right away.
I'll put on the mask first.
Hello!
-What's wrong?
-You scared everyone!
They read the newspapers, you idiot!
What should we do now?
Go to Judy's room and monitor her.
I'm sure you'll find something.
I will?
Where is my gun?
It's dangerous.
You want me to return your gun?
-Do you really think I'm an idiot?
-Hey.
We must avenge Tailor tonight.
He was obviously killed
by Million Wong and his wife.
You two should be careful.
Don't worry.
Please come in.
So you have another boyfriend.
-Don't come to see me again.
-It's a misunderstanding.
Maybe this is a new dance move.
Let's follow him.
Miss, can we dance?
Come here.
Ms. Cheng, you're in danger.
What? It's you again, pervert.
I changed so many jobs because of you.
I can't even escape from you
at this party!
This is fate!
-Come and rape me.
-It's a misunderstanding.
Wait. Come on.
Just once and never bother me again.
Come and rape me!
The victim died so horribly!
-Right.
-Isn't it a heart attack?
-What is it?
-A person was shot by an arrow.
That's him.
Don't move. The cops are coming.
I monitored Judy Tong upstairs earlier.
She hasn't left her room.
We were set up.
I don't want to be controlled.
I know what I'm doing.
Judy, this won't do you any good.
-Don't ruin my plans.
-Judy!
Scram. I don't want
to see you again tonight.
It's you?
I found a weapon
and wanted to show it to you.
Must you hit me so hard?
Freeze!
-Judy.
-Don't do it!
I know you are the murderer.
Yes, I killed them all.
Here's your gun.
Good job, you'll be promoted.
-Promoted to what?
-What do you think?
Let's calculate my salary first.
-Fine, go ahead.
-Let's go.
-Give way, please.
I'm leaving, honey.
What are you doing?
You don't know what happened earlier.
What happened?
Do you know that the murderer
has been arrested?
Really? Who is the murderer?
-It turns out the murderer is--
-Judy, right?
She flirted with you
before she was taken away.
She even kissed your left armpit.
How did I know? My cousin told me.
That's totally wrong.
Totally wrong!
-Do you dare to deny it?
-I don't.
But she didn't kiss my left armpit.
Where did she kiss you then?
Man, trust me. I only love you.
I am willing to take
any punishment from you.
Come on, punish me.
Who has the time to punish you?
Then I will punish you.
-You are so bad.
-You're hitting me?
Come on.
Where did you get this from?
You told me to punish you.
Can't I?
Are you scared?
I'm really scared.
Do you dare to let others kiss you again?
Do you?
Untie me first.
Hey.
-What are you doing?
-Taking a shower.
Let's not waste any time.
Honey, come over quickly.
It's stuck.
Punish me.
What? It's you?
You are too nosy!
Man!
You dragged Judy down.
What? Say that again.
I want to take revenge for Judy!
I can't hear clearly.
Say that again. What revenge?
I said I want to take revenge for Judy.
I can't hear clearly. Can you repeat that?
Are you making fun of me?
You want to peep?
Dragon Tail Swing!
-Swing all you want!
-Don't!
I'm going to crush you!
Damn it, you poked me so many times.
Are you serious? Damn you!
I didn't poke you. I stabbed you!
What are you looking at?
I'm going to kill you!
No way.
That has nothing to do with me.
I know!
Are you done?
It's my turn now.
Not exactly!
Thank you.
You think I am useless.
I am having cramps.
These are the pictures Tailor Lam took
of Judy Tong and Cheng Man-ching.
Cheng Man-ching is not only a lesbian.
She is psychotic too.
She has a strong inclination to violence.
She wants to kill everyone who loves Judy
and everyone who harms Judy.
So she killed Million Wong first.
Then she killed Tailor.
Judy made a statement
about what happened that night.
You can't fall for that fake Million Wong!
I don't want to be controlled.
I know what I'm doing.
That fake Million Wong should die...
so that you and I
can have a bright future.
You are crazy.
I'm crazy?
You've had a change of heart.
Million beat you up.
I took revenge for you, so I killed him.
-You killed Million?
-So what?
I killed Tailor too.
You think I don't know.
He took our naked pictures
to blackmail you.
Such rubbish needs to be killed,
so that we won't be threatened.
So it was you all along.
Why?
I did everything for your sake.
I'm going to kill him now.
I won't let you do so.
Did you fall for that man?
Get lost!
No!
That's why she wanted
to kill me that night too.
Cheng Man-ching was the one
who wanted to shoot me with an arrow?
Why would Judy protect Cheng Man-ching?
She has a deep affection for her.
So she acted on impulse
and took all the blame.
She is really...
Really what?
It's none of your business, right?
Yes.
That's good.
You have done a great job.
You have another undercover case.
-What?
-Are you kidding me?
An order?
You...
Be polite, call me Commandant Lek.
ICAC admitted their mistake
and withdrew their charges against me.
I have resumed duty now.
Is that true?
Of course.
What's the big deal?
-You have the same rank as me.
-You are wrong.
The boss said that
you always beat people up.
You are suspended now.
So I don't need to wait until 1997
before I deal with you.
-You dare to hit me?
-So what?
No! Stop!
-What are you doing? Let me go.
-Stop! Hey!
Don't stop them. Just let them be.
Chow Sing-sing,
someone is looking for you.
Hey, Big Mouth.
It's you, Big Nose. Are you all right?
Why wouldn't I be?
We are having a party tonight.
I've invited many girls.
Why are you still standing there?
-Go and invite some boys.
-Yes, hurry up.
Okay, I'll make it next time.
-Enjoy yourselves.
-Okay!
Wait for me!